# InfoSystemV1 - Visitor_Device
## Purpose/Background
**The purpose of this Android application is to serve as part of a system of 3 apps that collects information about visits to the house. The system is intended to serve at the homes of those with declining cognitive abilities such as patients with Alzheimer's or other types of dementias because these patients have difficulty recognizing faces and therefore have trouble identifying the visitor that has come to see them.** This app, in particular, is used to validate visitors who are logging in to the system through facial recognition, or a username and password. Once a visitor has signed into the app, the Alzheimer's patient and their caretaker are notified of the visitor's arrival. Furthermore, the visitor's data is stored in Firebase so that when they sign in, the patient gets to see the name of the visitor as well as their information, which includes their name, picture, contact details, relation to the patient, and extended description. The patient also receives a picure so that they can better identify the visitor.

Before being able to use their account to sign in to the system, the visitor must create an account whereupon their information will be sent to the patient's caretaker for review. Once the caretaker has approved the account, the visitor can use their account to sign in. Additionally, there is also a sign in for workers who may only visit the house once or a few times for a particular service. **By using their account to sign in, the visitor is helping the patient by not only alerting them that a visitor is at the door but by also helping them remember who they are. Furthermore, the caretaker is able to view a record of all events that have taken place, empowering them with this information.** For those in the later stages of Alzheimer's, the patient can also view the information about the visitor including useful details like their picture, relation to the patient (family member, friend, etc.), and extended description (a well-explained description of who the visitor is). This gives the patient the ability to understand who is visiting them and be able to respond and act in accordance rather than not know who is visiting them.

###### This app is a part of a system of 3 other apps that function together to accomplish the processes and purposes described above. It is **not** a stand-alone app and is meant to be used in collaboration with the two other apps that can be found at these repositories: CARETAKER APP REPOSITORY, RESIDENT APP RESPOSITORY.
